hi I'm Paul with rock Outfitters here to
show you the thule 232 step up and here
is the pouch it's included that holds
the step up pull it out of the pouch and
show you how it actually is installed
and used on a vehicle the idea for this
is that it gives you some extra height
in order to get to certain things on the
roof of vehicle cargo box cargo basket
maybe a bike mount that type of thing so
as you can see here it has a platform
that you would stand on and there is a
non-slip texture to it so provide you
with a good comfortable grip also it has
this traction band that will sit behind
the back of the tire and I will
demonstrate how it's held on so
basically you just put the strap behind
the tire like you see there and if you
need to pull up slack or give it some
extra tightness you just use these cam
buckles very strong dependable cam
buckles no not that you'll have to tie
or anything and just make sure that's
back behind there snug and these two
lower portions are positioned on the
wheel properly and as you can see there
it's it's got a good 18 inches or so
over the over the ground so quite a bit
extra height for you another thing
that's important is be sure to put your
emergency brake on because you can't get
some rolling if the emergency brake is
not installed so next thing is you just
step on good to step in the middle at
first then once you step on you can
distribute your weight evenly on the
tire and you get quite a bit of extra
height to reach lots of lots of gear on
top of the roof and it's very stable and
secure so when you come down you just
come down like that and you're set and
of course always be sure to fold it back
up before you drive we'll take it off
and pulled it up before you leave on in
the vehicle
and that's it that is the Julie 232 step
up and this product long full line of
Thule products is available at rack
Outfitters com thank you for watching